Improve gradients and add `.bg-gradient` helper class (#30583)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/4.3/utilities/colors.md

## Background gradient

> By adding a `.bg-gradient` class, a linear gradient is added as background image to the backgrounds. The gradient is a semitransparent linear gradient from light (`$color-contrast-light`) to dark (`$color-contrast-dark`) and therfor works on any background color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding a `.bg-gradient` class, a linear gradient is added as background image to the backgrounds. The gradient is a semi-transparent linear gradient from light (`$color-contrast-light`) to dark (`$color-contrast-dark`) and therefore works on any background color.
```

> By adding a `.bg-gradient` class, a linear gradient is added as background image to the backgrounds. The gradient is a semi-transparent linear gradient from light (`$color-contrast-light`) to dark (`$color-contrast-dark`) and therefore works on any background color.

Reviewer 2: This is not relevant anymore, is it?

Author: Indeed, changed it.
